# Network-Analysis-C-
There are three datasets given with this project statement. You are required to complete the tasks, given below, for any one of the datasets. At the maximum, you can try any two of the three datasets for more understanding on how graphs help in investigating hidden patterns in the data (you can read it as, “for bonus marks”). You should first try to complete all the tasks on the smallest dataset and then use the same code for the others. Datasets 1. General Relativity and Quantum Cosmology collaboration network Dataset Description Arxiv GR-QC (General Relativity and Quantum Cosmology) collaboration network is from the e-print arXiv (https://arxiv.org/archive/gr-qc) and covers scientific collaborations between authors papers submitted to General Relativity and Quantum Cosmology category. If an author i co-authored a paper with author j, the graph contains a undirected edge from i to j. If the paper is co-authored by k authors this generates a completely connected (sub)graph on k nodes. The data covers papers in the period from January 1993 to April 2003 (124 months). It begins within a few months of the inception of the arXiv, and thus represents essentially the complete history of its GR-QC section. 2. Astro Physics collaboration network Dataset Description Arxiv ASTRO-PH (Astro Physics) collaboration network is from the e-print arXiv (https://arxiv.org/archive/astro-ph) and covers scientific collaborations between authors papers submitted to Astro Physics category. If an author i co-authored a paper with author j, the graph contains a undirected edge from i to j. If the paper is co-authored by k authors this generates a completely connected (sub)graph on k nodes. The data covers papers in the period from January 1993 to April 2003 (124 months). It begins within a few months of the inception of the arXiv, and thus represents essentially the complete history of its ASTROPH section. 3. Amazon product co-purchasing network and ground-truth communities Dataset Description Data was collected by crawling Amazon website. It is based on Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought (explained here: https://davidgaughran.com/also-boughts-amazon-recommendations/) feature of the Amazon website. If a product i is frequently co-purchased with product j, the graph contains an undirected edge from i to j. Each product category provided by Amazon defines each ground-truth community. We regard each connected component in a product category as a separate ground-truth community. We remove the ground-truth communities which have less than 3 nodes.
